Add documentation for Two-phase Commit Transactions (#303)
scalar-labs/scalardb: docs/two-phase-commit-transactions.md

int newToBalance = toResult.get().getValue(BALANCE).get().getAsInt() + amount;

// Update the balances
Put fromPut = new Put(new Key(ID, fromId)).withValue(BALANCE, newFromBalance);
Put toPut = new Put(new Key(ID, toId)).withValue(BALANCE, newToBalance);
tx.put(fromPut);
tx.put(toPut);
```

### Prepare/Commit/Rollback the transaction

After finishing CRUD operations, you need to commit the transaction.
Like a well-known two-phase commit protocol, there are two phases: prepare and commit phases.
you need to prepare the transaction in all the coordinator/participant processes first and then commit them as follows:
```Java
TwoPhaseCommitTransaction tx = ...

try {
  // Execute CRUD operations in the coordinator/participant processes
  ...

  // Prepare phase: Prepare the transaction in all the coordinator/participant processes
  tx.prepare();
  ...

  // Commit phase: Commit the transaction in all the coordinator/participant processes
  tx.commit()
  ...
} catch (TransactionException e) {
  // When an error happans, you need to rollback the transaction in all the coordinator/participant processes
  tx.rollback();
  ...
}
```

> You need to call `rollback()` in all the coordinator/participant processes when an error happens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an error happens, you need to call `rollback()` in all the coordinator/participant processes.
Note that you need to call it in the coordinator process first, and then call it in the participant processes in parallel.
```

> You can call `prepare()` parallelly in the coordinator/participant processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can call `prepare()` in the coordinator/participant processes in parallel.
```

https://www.quora.com/Is-using-the-word-parallelly-grammatically-correct

> Note that you need to call `commit()` in the coordinator process first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Moved up since I think it should be noted before the code.

> After that, you can call `commit()` parallelly in the participant processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, you can also call `commit()` in the participant processes in parallel.
```

> Similarly, you need to call `rollback()` in the coordinator process first, and then you can call it parallelly in the participant processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Moved up since I think it should be noted earlier with the description of `validate()`.

#### Validate the transaction

Depending on the concurrency control protocol, you need to call `validate()` in all the coordinator/participant processes after `prepare()` and before `commit()`:
```java
// Prepare phase 1: Prepare the transaction in all the coordinator/participant processes
tx.prepare();
...

// Prepare phase 2: Validate the transaction in all the coordinator/participant processes
tx.validate()
...

// Commit phase: Commit the transaction in all the coordinator/participant processes
tx.commit()
...
```

> Similar to `prepare()`, you can call `validate()` parallelly in the coordinator/participant processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to `prepare()`, you can call `validate()` in the coordinator/participant processes in parallel.
```

The coordinator process first starts a transaction, and the participant processes join the transaction after that.

### Get a TwoPhaseCommitTransactionManager instance

First, you need to get a `TwoPhaseCommitTransactionManager` instance to execute Two-phase Commit Transactions.
You can use `TransactionFactory` to get a `TwoPhaseCommitTransactionManager` instance as follows:
```Java
TransactionFactory factory = new TransactionFactory(new DatabaseConfig(new File("<configuration file path>")));
TwoPhaseCommitTransactionManager manager = factory.getTwoPhaseCommitTransactionManager();
```

### Start a transaction

You can start a transaction as follows:
```Java
TwoPhaseCommitTransaction tx = manager.start();
```

The process/application that starts the transaction acts as a coordinator, as mentioned.

You can also start a transaction by specifying a transaction ID as follows:
```Java
TwoPhaseCommitTransaction tx = manager.start("<transaction ID>");
```

And, you can get the transaction ID with `getId()` as follows:
```Java
tx.getId();
```

### Join the transaction

> You can join the transaction that has been started by the coordinator as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are a participant, you can join the transaction that has been started by the coordinator as follows:
```

```Java
TwoPhaseCommitTransaction tx = manager.join("<transaction ID>")
```

You need to specify the transaction ID associated with the transaction that the coordinator has started.

> The process/application that joins the transaction acts as a participant, as mentioned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Resume the transaction

> You can get the transaction object (the `TwoPhaseCommitTransaction` instance) that you have already joined with `TwoPhaseCommitTransactionManager.resume()`:

Reviewer: Sorry, I think I'm not fully sure, but a coordinator process also calls resume? 
Or, it is only called by a participant process?

Author: It is only called by a participant process. A coordinator can't resume its transaction in the current implementation.

### CRUD operations for the transaction

The way to execute CRUD operations in Two-phase Commit Transactions is the same as the transaction API.
`TwoPhaseCommitTransacton` has `get()`/`put()`/`delete()`/`mutate()` to execute CRUD operations.

This is an example code for CRUD operations in Two-phase Commit Transactions:
```java
TwoPhaseCommitTransaction tx = ...

// Retrieve the current balances for ids
Get fromGet = new Get(new Key(ID, fromId));
Get toGet = new Get(new Key(ID, toId));
Optional<Result> fromResult = tx.get(fromGet);
Optional<Result> toResult = tx.get(toGet);

// Calculate the balances (it assumes that both accounts exist)
int newFromBalance = fromResult.get().getValue(BALANCE).get().getAsInt() - amount;
int newToBalance = toResult.get().getValue(BALANCE).get().getAsInt() + amount;

// Update the balances
Put fromPut = new Put(new Key(ID, fromId)).withValue(BALANCE, newFromBalance);
Put toPut = new Put(new Key(ID, toId)).withValue(BALANCE, newToBalance);
tx.put(fromPut);
tx.put(toPut);
```

### Prepare/Commit/Rollback the transaction

After finishing CRUD operations, you need to commit the transaction.

> Like a well-known two-phase commit protocol, there are two phases: the prepare and commit phases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like a well-known two-phase commit protocol, there are two phases: prepare and commit phases.
```

you need to prepare the transaction in all the coordinator/participant processes first and then commit them as follows:
```Java
TwoPhaseCommitTransaction tx = ...

try {
  // Execute CRUD operations in the coordinator/participant processes
  ...

  // Prepare phase: Prepare the transaction in all the coordinator/participant processes
  tx.prepare();
  ...

  // Commit phase: Commit the transaction in all the coordinator/participant processes
  tx.commit()
  ...
} catch (TransactionException e) {
  // When an error happans, you need to rollback the transaction in all the coordinator/participant processes
  tx.rollback();
  ...
}
```

You need to call `rollback()` in all the coordinator/participant processes when an error happens.

You can call `prepare()` parallelly in the coordinator/participant processes.
Note that you need to call `commit()` in the coordinator process first.
After that, you can call `commit()` parallelly in the participant processes.
Similarly, you need to call `rollback()` in the coordinator process first, and then you can call it parallelly in the participant processes.

#### Validate the transaction

> Depending on the concurrency control protocol, you need to call `validate()` in all the coordinator/participant processes between calling `prepare()` calling `commit()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the concurrency control protocol, you need to call `validate()` in all the coordinator/participant processes after `prepare()` and before `commit()`:
```

```java
// Prepare phase 1: Prepare the transaction in all the coordinator/participant processes
tx.prepare();
...

// Prepare phase 2: Validate the transaction in all the coordinator/participant processes
tx.validate()
...

// Commit phase: Commit the transaction in all the coordinator/participant processes
tx.commit()
...
```

Similar to `prepare()`, you can call `validate()` parallelly in the coordinator/participant processes.

> Currently, you need to call `validate()` when you use the `Consensus Commit` transaction manager and the `SERIALIZABLE` isolation level with the `EXTRA_READ` serializable strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, you need to call `validate()` when you use the `Consensus Commit` transaction manager with  `EXTRA_READ` serializable strategy in `SERIALIZABLE` isolation level.
```
